[Music]
The morning after the heavy rains, the
zebra start to arrive.
Janet's family is the first to be seen
by the team.
She was the first zebra ever recorded to
make this migration. And once again,
she's arrived just in time to enjoy the
tender new grass shoots.
[Music]
In Chobi, Janet was part of a large
family group of 15, but now there seems
to be only five.
Hopefully, the rest of her haven't
succumbed to exhaustion or predation.
[Music]
>> Soon, all the other families are pouring
into the park.
The next collared female to arrive is
Spirit.
She was pregnant when she set off with
the others.
We'll never know what happened to that
foe, but it looks like her family have
had a close call with predators.
Fresh wounds on three of the zebra in
this group are the unmistakable marks
left by lions.
And one young foe looks to have had a
very narrow escape.
Following the failure of Sock's GPS
collar, the team doesn't know if she's
made it to NIPAN or not. But although
the GPS part of her collar is no longer
working, it may still be transmitting a
VHF radio signal.
On the ground, its range is just a few
kilometers, but from the air, it's more
like 40,
which gives the team a chance to check
if she's here in Nipan.
Even so, in an area of 15,000 km, it's
like looking for a needle in a haystack.
[Music]
Eventually, they do pick up a faint
signal. It's socks.
After flying in a search pattern, they
home in on her exact location.
[Music]
Socks has made it.
The last time she was spotted, she was
traveling with just two other zebra.
Now she's in a group of 10.
Socks appears to be in good condition
[Music]
and she's in the company of a stallion,
but there is no sign of her having a
foe.
Then something moves in the long grass.
[Music]
Her new fo is so small it must have been
born in the last day or two, just in
time for socks to feed on the nutritious
new grass and provide it with the best
possible Okay.